
ListsAdd new CategoryAdd new List
Today's Tasks (9/0)
Projects (0/0)
Things to do later (0/0)
Example template (4/0)
Important Info (5/0)


 
 
print
 
Sorting items normally
Normal
Alphabetical
Random
Top 3
To do :


My second short visit to PA went just as smoothly as the first thanks, again, to Dan's place. Expect interesting conversations, clean beds and ample work/relaxing space on top of the great location, which for the location I stayed at made it easy to get to Stanford for early morning meetings. And I even got to randomly connect with an old friend -- such a small world!

Great place today. Lots of open floor space with ample places to work. The perfect airbnb for tech types who want to get work done during their stay. I was coming off of a stint at Google and working on a tech startup while there.

As the first airbnb experience, I quite enjoyed it. The description of the place was accurate and the host as well as others staying there were friendly and sociable. If you're around the area, check it out - it's a cool place with cool people. You'd also be very close to University Avenue, Stanford, and the Caltrain which makes things very convenient.

This is the hacker's house that I will recomend to all of my friends that are going to Palo Alto. Not only the good structure of the place and neighborhood, but the vibe of the entrepreneurs there... made my trip special! Coordinators like Marcelo added more value to my experience than several other contacts in the region. Tks guys!

Great experience in a great location. The host was very kind and helpful in anything I needed. I stayed with an eclectic group of amiable people, who were very interesting and passionate about what they do. Will definitely come back again!

People: All of them doing / working on great projects. It was a pleasure to spend time together. Location: 2 minute walking to University Avenue - 10 minute walking to Caltrain station. Very safe neighbourhood. House: Better than the images. They have 2 Nice & large bathrooms.

The Hacker's Haven was excellent and welcoming. This was the cheapest place available and certainly exceeded my expectations. Having bikes available was great, and I used them everyday to get to and from Palo Alto. Checking in was easy and painless, hot water in the showers were plentiful, and everyone present was friendly. Thanks!

Great house. Well kept with good process. I really enjoyed my interactions with the property manager, Daniel Gold. He was professional and courteous.

Beside being a nice place , you'll meet amazing talented people from all over the world. Had a nice stay there . Thanks Sue / Dan :-)